What is Git?
Git refer to 'Version Control System. In Other words, it is a method to save the history of
one's files and the changes made therein.

What is Git Bash?
Git Bash is a source control management system for Windows. It allows users to type 
Git commands that make source code management easier through versioning and commit history. 
Bash is a Linux-based command line (that has been ported over to Windows) while Shell is a 
native Windows command line.

Git Bash is not a GUI software, it is a command-line prompt. 
You will only use Git Bash to write and run commands on the terminal.

How to install Git Bash in Windows:
Step 1
Download the Git Bash setup from the official website: https://git-scm.com/
Step 2
Download the installer.
Step 3
Run the .exe file you just downloaded and follow the instructions in the installer.​
Step 4
Run Git Bash by right-clicking on any folder and selecting the Git Bash Here option 
from the context menu (right-click menu).

How to check as to whether Git is properly installed or not
Type 'git --version' and press Enter in CMD, VS Code's terminal, i.e. Powershell, and/or Git Bash.

Setting up Config file for Git for the first time:
Type 'git config --global user.name "write user name here"' and press Enter.
Type 'git config --global user.email "write user email here"' and press Enter.
To check or edit config setting, type 'git config --global --edit' and press Enter
To exit from config file, press 'escape + colon + W + Q.

How to make directory and in/out from it:
Type 'mkdir dir_name' and press Enter.
To enter into a directory, type 'cd dir_name' and press Enter.
To exit from a directory, type 'cd..' and press Enter.

What is Repository?
Repository means the project that can be tracked through Git.

How to make a folder or directory access-able by one's 'Repository':

To make a folder or directory access-able by your repository, just type 'git init' and press Enter.
To check that repository, type 'ls or ls -a' and press Enter.
To check the status of that repository, type 'git status; and press Enter.
(The command 'git status' tells us about the changes made in that repository)

What is meant by staging?
After making repository or working folder/directory by using 'git init', one has to add
some JavaScript file in an area called "Staging Area" from where files are kept before making
their commitment to one's repository.
To add a file in staging area, type 'git add file_name with extension' and press Enter.
To add all the files at a time, type 'git add .' and press Enter.

How to commit a file on Repository?
When a file is found in staging area, it can be committed to one's repository, for that type 
'git commit -m "write some message here"' and press Enter.
To view/ check committed files, type 'git log' and press Enter.

How to discard changes made in a committed file?
To discard or delete a committed file, type 'checkout committed_code' and press Enter.

How to make a branch?
Git automatically create a branch by the name of 'master'. In other words, master branch is 
created by default. 
To create a branch or sub-folder, type 'git branch sub-folder_name' and press Enter.
To create a branch, one can also use 'git checkout -b sub-folder_name' and press Enter.
To navigate through various branches, type 'checkout branch_name' and press Enter.
To merge a branch, type 'git merge branch_name' and press Enter.

How to make a file
To create a file, type 'touch.gitignore' and press Enter.
You can also make a file in VS Code by the name .gitignore.
To hide a file or folder, place it in .gitignore file. in case of a file type its name and 
in case of a folder, use slash before the name of that folder. 

WHat is Github?
ALthough, Github works on Git but both are two different things.
One has to create his/her account/profile on 'github.com'. 
This profile may contain repositories as many as one like.
One can send his code on github's repository by following three simple steps.
git remote add origin https://github.com/SMHussain014/TypeScript.git
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main

How to make Collaborators?
At first, select the repository that one want to share. Then go to setting, click on 
collaborator, a dialog box will open. Here enter the name of repository and send invitation.
As soon as the collaborator accepts one's invitation, he/she can amend one's code.

How to make Open Source Contribution?
One has to make a public repository so that other developers can make Open Source Contribution
in it. Now a developer can make a copy of that repository by using 'fork' option from his 
repository. In this way original repository will remain in contact and a copy of that repository
will be created in that developer's repository.
Now, a developer has to make this repository as local by using the following command for that 
type 'git clone repository_url' and press Enter. (This url can be copied from 'Code' button) 
Now he can suggest any changes in this cloned copy and send back the same to you by clicking on 
'contribute button' and thereafter make 'pull request'. 
This is ready, if one desires he can opt for that changes, for that go to 'Pull Requests', make
review of that and approve for changes. Now, first person can merge that changes in its original
file.